From ChatGPT

As a university student, you can integrate sending text messages into your C# application using various APIs and libraries. Here are a few options:

Twilio:
      Twilio is a popular cloud communications platform that allows you to send SMS and MMS messages programmatically.
      You’ll need to sign up for a Twilio account and obtain an API key.
      Use the Twilio .NET helper library to create a new instance of the Message resource, specifying the recipient’s phone number, your Twilio phone number, and the message body.
      Example code snippet:
      C#
      
          var client = new Client("your-account-sid", "your-auth-token");
          var message = client.SendMessage("Hello from Twilio!", "recipient-phone-number");
      AI-generated code. Review and use carefully. More info on FAQ.

      Twilio offers a free trial account that allows you to send SMS messages during the trial period.
      As a student, you can sign up for the trial and use it for testing and learning purposes.
      Keep in mind that the trial has limitations, such as a limited number of messages and restrictions on certain features.
      If you need more extensive usage, consider checking their pricing plans.
      Learn more about sending SMS with Twilio1.

Textmagic:
      Textmagic provides an SMS API that allows you to send text messages using C#.
      You’ll need to sign up for a Textmagic account and obtain an API key.
      Example code snippet:
      C#
      
          var client = new Client("your-username", "your-api-key");
          var result = client.SendMessage("Hello from Textmagic API", "recipient-phone-number");
      AI-generated code. Review and use carefully. More info on FAQ.
      Textmagic provides a free trial account with a limited number of free credits.
      As a student, you can sign up for the trial and explore their API for sending SMS messages.
      Once you’ve used up the free credits, you’ll need to consider their paid plans.
      Learn more about Textmagic’s pricing .
      Learn more about sending SMS with Textmagic2.

TextPort:
      TextPort offers an easy way to send text messages using C#.
      Sign up for an account, write the code, and start sending texts.
      Learn more about sending SMS with TextPort3.
      TextPort offers a free service for sending SMS messages.
      You can sign up and start using their API without any initial cost.
      Keep in mind that free services may have limitations, so check their terms and conditions.
      Learn more about TextPort’s free SMS service .(https://textport.com/blog/how-to-send-text-messages-using-csharp)
      Remember to review the terms and conditions of each service to ensure compliance with their usage policies.

Remember to choose an API that best fits your requirements, and make sure to handle any exceptions or errors that may occur during message delivery. Happy coding!

As a student, you have access to some great options for sending emails from your C# applications. Here are a few:

Microsoft Office 365:
      If you have an .edu email address, you can sign up for free Office 365 for students.
      This includes licenses for desktop and mobile Office apps, as well as online collaboration features.
      You can use Outlook for sending and managing emails.
      Learn more about Office 365 for students 1.

Mailtrap:
      Mailtrap is a testing service that allows you to simulate sending emails without actually delivering them to real recipients.
      It’s great for testing email functionality in your C# applications.
      Sign up for a free account and use it for development and testing.
      Learn more about Mailtrap 2.

SendGrid:
      SendGrid offers a free tier for students.
      It’s an email API service that allows you to send transactional and marketing emails.
      You can integrate SendGrid into your C# applications for email delivery.
      Learn more about SendGrid for students 3.

JetBrains Products:
      If you’re into programming, JetBrains offers a suite of developer tools for various languages, including C#.
      With your .edu email, you can get access to all JetBrains products for free.
      These tools can enhance your coding experience and productivity.
      Learn more about JetBrains student licenses 4.(https://lukelowrey.com/dotnet-email-guide-2021/ )
      Remember to check the terms and conditions for each service, and choose the one that best fits your needs. 
