If you are reading this you are probably a bit worried and/or anxious and/or scared about SE1. I was one of those students. For starters I want to say that if you are feeling this way about SE1 then it's sort of a good thing in its own way. 

If you are experiencing these feelings in regards to SE1 doesn’t that mean you are interested in success? If you did not care about success then you would not be feeling this way right? 

( Disclaimer: This DOES NOT MEAN that having these emotions is required to want to be successful or to be successful ) 

If this is true ( which I would bet it is ) then that also means you will be a hard working, self starter that learns quickly as having/obtaining these qualities is a package deal ( in a sense ) with being interested in success. 

Understanding this will probably take the edge off a bit. An important thing that should be clear is that this class is about giving your best effort always. 

This does not mean that every day you have to be in your peak “academic weapon” phase. This just means that you are doing your best, whatever “best” means on that given day. 

One day you may feel like an absolute legend in the CSCI department and then next you may be at rock bottom. As long as you put in the effort you have available then you will succeed.  

You should also remember that achieving an A in this class requires CONSISTENTLY exceeding expectations not CONSTANTLY exceeding expectations. 

There is a big difference between the two. You will hear, on multiple occasions, from Mr. Kinser that this class is about the PROCESS not the end result. There will be multiple in-class exercises. Mr. Kinser does not expect any of these to be completed. 

What he expects is that you are applying the topics that you have learned in the class ( the processes ) to the in-class exercises and then discuss how you applied, seen, understood, etc. those topics in your status reports. 

The idea is to demonstrate your depth of understanding. This essentially sums up the class. It is about following the processes learned and then discussing them in the status reports. 


In reality the class appears to be extremely scary but it is only slightly scary BUT it is for a good reason. As I neared the end of SE1 I began to realize that Mr. Kinser truly does give a duck. 

That is why it is structured in the way it is. He does not expect perfection, in fact he expects you to make some mistakes and learn from them. School is the safe space where mistakes can be made without extreme consequences to follow. 

This class is structured as close as it can be to the real world, the key difference being a mistake is not final. 

Once you near the end of SE1 you will understand that the class is designed very carefully to help you grow as a person in the safest manner possible as Mr. Kinser is interested in your success. 

Why would he be a teacher after he has basically already won in life if he did not care for his students? 


Apart from the class itself there are other things to consider. If you are in this class then you are likely ready for it. You made it through all of your previous classes, why would this one be any different? 

Having people close to you that you can talk with is very beneficial for anxiety and stress as well. Even if it's a quick chat after class every day it will make a difference.  If you do not already have people like that you will find them in this class. 

Another thing I would recommend is going to https://www.etsu.edu/students/counseling/. ETSU has free resources available to students that are struggling with mental health. Speaking with a therapist made a difference in my studies. 


As a student who suffers quite badly from performance anxiety and imposter syndrome I can assure you that this class will help you a ton. I cannot guarantee that it is a walk in the park but I can guarantee that it is more like a brisk jog in the park. 

If you develop a week to week plan of how you will approach the class so that you can maintain a sustainable pace it will be easier. As a final send off from Brody Laws ( SE1 Spring ‘26 ). I can assure you that all will be OK. 

I thought the end of the world was near at one point during this class. But I stayed consistent and put forth my best effort, whatever it was that day, and left the class realizing that I have grown a ton as a person. You will do the same. 
