- Non-tech Questions - 
What are some of your career goals for the next three years?
What is a time where you received feedback from a classmate/colleague/coworker that positively affected your work?
What is the most difficult thing you've encountered in your college career?
How do you determine when an assignment or project is done?
What is your biggest accomplishment?
What is a time you had to do something you didn't feel you had the experience for?
How do you keep track of your assignment due dates and other responsibilities?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how well do you think you fit the job requirements?
What are the top three things you are looking for in a company for your first full-time position out of college?
What is a time where you had to resolve conflict while working on a project?
What stood out about our company that made you want to join our team?
I noticed X on your transcript, would you be able to go a bit more in detail about that?
What was the most challenging part of a project you've worked on, and how did you handle it?
Name a time where you integrated AI into your workflow. How did you use it, and how did it benefit you/your project?
How do you keep up-to-date with the latest news, developments, and tools available within the industry?
- Tech Questions -
On a scale of 1 to 10, how do you rate your SQL abilities? (position: Oracle Developer)
On a scale of 1 to 10, how do you rate your PL/SQL abilities? (position: Oracle Developer)
On a scale of 1 to 10, how do you rate your Java abilities? (position: Oracle Developer)
What is a cursor in PL/SQL? (position: Oracle Developer)
Why would you use a cursor? (position: Oracle Developer)
What is the syntax of a cursor? (position: Oracle Developer)
What is a case expression in SQL? (position: Oracle Developer)
What is the decode function in SQL? (position: Oracle Developer)
Describe a project you were involved with that used a database? (position: Oracle Developer)
What language(s) would you say you are most comfortable in? (position: Various)
Describe what Object Oriented Programming is? (positon: Software Engineering Intern)
Explain the different kind of loops, and when you would use them within a solution? (position: Implementation Intern)
What experience do you have using Docker? (Asked during Career Fair)
- Coding Problems -
Write a solution to find the first 100 prime numbers using pseudocode. (Position: Implementation Intern)
As part of your interview assessment, develop a web application for a KanBan board using the languages/frameworks of your choice. (Position: Software Engineering Intern)
