Created by Gutu Ahmed SE I Spring '23 in response to:
      
2. name as many of the Scrum activities as you can (in order is preferred but not necessary) and describe each listed activity as much as you can.

Question 2:
Daily Scrum/ Standup - This Scrum activity is a meeting held by the development team lasting up until 15 minutes. This meeting is held at some point every working day. In this meeting the dev team each talk about what changes they have done since having last met and how its brought the solution closer to the sprint goal. This aligns with the 12 agile principles, one of them being for the dev team talk on a daily basis. 
Sprint Review - This Scrum activity is done near the conclusion of the sprint. This meeting lasts up to 30 minutes in which the dev team and product owner go over acceptance criteria and review changes made during the sprint. They discuss any value provided by these changes, any issues or hinderance they encountered and any unfinished work to be put back onto the product backlog and addressed at a future sprint.
Sprint Retrospective - This Scrum activity is a meeting done at the conclusion of the sprint. This meeting can last between 15-30 minutes. In this meeting, with the dev team, Product owner and Scrum Master, the process in which the team has gone through to potentially reach the sprint goal is evaluated and accessed. This is a meeting where everyone tries to give feedback on what went well and what didn't in an effort to become more efficient as a team.
Sprint Planning - This Scrum activity is done in preparation for a sprint. This meeting doesn't last long, however is very important for meeting sprint goals. It's presumed that before this meeting the enough user stories have been groomed by the dev team and Product Owner to sustain at least two sprints worth of work. The Product Owner should have refined the product backlog in terms of what to prioritize. During this meeting the vision for the product and sprint goals are expressed by the Product Owner to the dev team. The sprint goals should be clear and definitive along with testable acceptance criteria.
Sprint Grooming - This Scrum activity, while usually done in preparation for a sprint, is done at regular intervals when the dev team along with the Product Owner and Scrum Master review user stories in the product backlog. The team discusses each story individually breaking it down to sprint able tasks for the Product Owner to rank in terms of importance.
